hi I'm here with Doris Raymond Hathaway
reward on LaBrea
and she is having an amazing sale right
now 50% off you cannot believe the ton
of stuff that is here you really need to
come down and dig dig dig
Doris hustle about a little bit about
for sale and some exciting things that
might be happening
thank you it's 50% off I can't believe
it you know we do this twice a year and
the reason we do it is because number
one it's a great way for us to go to
make room for the next season's
inventory but it's also a really nice
way for people to make it easier to
justify buying beautiful things so
downstairs you can get a wonderful
fifties or sixties dress for under $100
and we included this time for the first
time sunglasses so typically the way we
have for sale is anything that you can
touch on the first floor and there are
thousands of pieces down here they're
all included in the sale so that would
mean the things that are in the
showcases or not and people come down
here and just go nuts they buy many many
many pieces so it's great it's a great
way to reward our customers as well
anything that you can touch and I've
touched a lot today there are some good
things here yeah so um trends what do
you what do you see I'm seeing a lot of
vintage and
forecasted for trends in the spring but
what are you using in what are your
favorite trends that are coming up well
you know it seems to be pretty
consistent as far as what really depends
on the designer but I see minimal 70s
still playing a very strong factor in
InDesign but there's also a bit of a
trend going towards romance like with
lace and I'm also seeing a lot of
metallics all of different kinds of
metallics pewter silver gold copper and
you know from my point of view if it
looks great on you and you feel
wonderful in it it doesn't really matter
about the trends in a way it's how you
carry yourself and your you know maybe
an individual don't follow the trends
which is what vintage is all about are
there any special pieces that you kind
of want to hold on to but you know it's
time to let it go in the sale right now
the one that you're really oh should I
should I should I yeah you know we did
something on for the second time this is
the second sale we've done this and
we've gone upstairs to the designer and
collectible clothing and we literally
pulled a rack of delicious things we've
included Valentino couture
YSL we have some Chanel in there and
Garo new glare
I'm trying to remember that I've
literally we went through and I think
we've got dealer in there
and the one of the wrecks we haven't
actually integrated is the rack that's
over there and you can see it maybe
later you want to scan over that rack
it's really beautiful beautiful things
and they're all at 50% off as well
amazing so after the sale what big
exciting events do you have coming up
that's a very good question on the the
first thing that's going to happen when
the sarens is I just acquired a
collection of about a thousand plus
pieces have never been worn to die for
lingerie on early Victoria's Secret when
it was beautiful quality material
Christian Dior Fernando Sanchez a lot of
ensembles like multiple pieces like the
top hands and draw and the teddy
and many many many more separates and
you know of course with lingerie it's
got to be dead so I mean otherwise you
yeah but um yeah and the color the
colors are beautiful but the choices of
material are fantastic so it's perfect
timing for Valentine's Day thank you so
much Taurus for having us we're going to
be doing a quick scan so you can check
out all the sale items you're not going
to believe some of the things that are
on sale amazing come on down yes